Update doc to use pkg_resources (#120)
fatiando/pooch: doc/usage.rst

        # We'll load it from a file later
        registry=None,
    )
    # Get registry file from package_data
    registry_file = pkg_resources.resource_stream("plumbus", "registry.txt")
    # Load this registry file
    GOODBOY.load_registry(registry_file)

> The ``registry.txt`` file in this case is in the ``plumbus/`` directory module and should be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``registry.txt`` file is in the ``plumbus/`` directory (the package) and should be
```

Author: this repeats "the package"

Reviewer: Right, didn't see that one in the next line. Just feel like "directory module" sounds strange.

> shipped with the package. We use `pkg_resources <https://setuptools.readthedocs.io/en/latest/pkg_resources.html#basic-resource-access)`__

Reviewer: Maybe instead of "We use package_resources" you could say: 

> We access the file contents using pkg_resources (instead of `os.path.dirname(__file__)`) because it's safer alternative. For example, it makes sure our code can work out of a zip archive, which is necessary depending on how the user installs the package.

to access it, giving it the name of our Python package (the one we'll put in ``setup.py``).

> Its contents are:

Author: I wasn't sure what width is used for word-wrapping rst files. Also this link is too long :sweat_smile:

Reviewer: :smile: for rst files it doesn't really matter too much. I usually do 79 or 88 (whichever you prefer). Not much we can do about the link, though.
